Add examples with Intel optimizations (#1579)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/README.md

Examples that are useful for the community, but are either not yet deemed popular or not yet following our above philosophy should go into the [community examples](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/tree/main/examples/community) folder. The community folder therefore includes training examples and inference pipelines.
**Note**: Community examples can be a [great first contribution](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) to show to the community how you like to use `diffusers` 🪄.

## Research Projects

> We also provide **research_projects** examples that can be used to accelerate the training (fine-tuning) and inference. These examples are useful and offer the extended capablities which are complementary to the official examples. You may refer to [research_projects](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/tree/main/examples/research_projects) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide **research_projects** examples that are maintained by the community as defined in the respective research project folders. These examples are useful and offer the extended capabilities which are complementary to the official examples. You may refer to [research_projects](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/tree/main/examples/research_projects) for details.
```

Author: Done.
